_talks/a-blueprint-for-intuitive-internal-elixir-ecosystems.md, before:

---
audience:
- intermediate
- proficient
tags: []
title: A Blueprint for Intuitive Internal Elixir Ecosystems
speakers:
- _participants/ryan-young.md

---
Wouldn't it be great if you could \`$mix mycompany.new foo\`, then \`$mix hex.publish\` published that library to an internal package repository, complete with documentation pushed to an internal site like \`[https://docs.mycompany.com](https://docs.mycompany.com "https://docs.mycompany.com")\`, with an embedded livebook link to play around with the library? Mirroring the same wonderful elixir developer experience internally can provide huge benefits to mature elixir shops or ones looking to increase adoption.

**Talk objectives:**

* I hope attendees can learn that they can host their own package repository, ExDocs documentation site, and livebook service internally, and create custom mix tasks to handle all the necessary internal boilerplate. And that by stitching together these excellent tools they can improve the way engineers discover and share elixir code inside their company.

**Target audience:**

* Engineers of all levels looking to improve the internal elixir tooling at their company.

Commit message:

Update from Forestry.io Monika Coles updated _talks/a-blueprint-for-intuitive-internal-elixir-ecosystems.md

_talks/a-blueprint-for-intuitive-internal-elixir-ecosystems.md, after:

---
audience:
- intermediate
- proficient
tags: []
title: A Blueprint for Intuitive Internal Elixir Ecosystems
speakers:
- _participants/ryan-young.md

---
Wouldn't it be great if you could use the same familiar mix commands to create, publish, and consume libraries and documentation privately within your company as you do when working on personal projects? In this talk, I'll demonstrate how self-hosting your own package repository, documentation, and livebook instance can create an intuitive internal elixir ecosystem your engineers will feel right at home using.

**Talk objectives:**

* I hope attendees can learn that they can host their own package repository, ExDocs documentation site, and livebook service internally, and create custom mix tasks to handle all the necessary internal boilerplate. And that by stitching together these excellent tools they can improve the way engineers discover and share elixir code inside their company.

**Target audience:**

* Engineers of all levels looking to improve the internal elixir tooling at their company.
